then the Prophet Haggai and Zechariah
the son of Edo prophets prophesied to
the Jews who were in Judah and Jerusalem
in the name of the God of Israel who was
over them so zerubbabel the son of
shealtiel and joshua the son of josedech
rosa and began to build the house of God
which is in Jerusalem and the prophets
of God will with them helping them at
the same time
Titano the governor of the region beyond
the river and she thought Asma and their
companions came to them and spoke thus
to them who has commanded you to build
this temple and finish this wall then
accordingly we told them the names of
the men who were constructing this
building but the eye of their God was
upon the elders of the Jews so that they
could not make them cease till a report
could go to Darius then a written answer
was returned concerning this matter this
is a copy of the letter that taught and
I sent the governor of the region beyond
the river and sheathe Abbas died and his
companions the Persians who were in the
region beyond the river - Darius the
king they sent a letter to him in which
was written thus - Darius the King all
peace let it be known to the king that
we went into the province of Judea to
the temple of the Great God which is
being built with heavy stones and timber
is being laid in the walls and this work
goes on diligently and prospers in their
hands then we asked those elders and
spoke thus to them who commanded you to
build this temple and to finish these
walls we also asked them their names to
inform you that we might write the names
of the men who were chief among them
and thus they returned us an answer
saying we are the servants of the God of
heaven and earth and we are rebuilding
the temple that was built many years ago
which a great king of Israel built and
completed but because our fathers
provoked the God of heaven to wrath he
gave them into the hand of
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon the
Chaldean who destroyed this temple and
carried the people away to Babylon
however in the first year of Cyrus king
of Babylon King Cyrus issued a decree to
build this house of God also the gold
and silver articles of the house of God
which Nebuchadnezzar had taken from the
temple that was in Jerusalem and carried
into the temple of Babylon those King
Cyrus took from the temple of Babylon
and they were given to one named shez
basa who he had made governor and he
said to him take these articles go carry
them to the temple site that is in
Jerusalem and unless the house of God be
rebuilt on its former site then the same
shesh basser
came and laid the foundation of the
house of God which is in Jerusalem but
from that time even until now it has
been under construction and it is not
finished now therefore if it seems good
to the king let a search be made in the
Kings treasure house which is there in
Babylon whether it is so that a decree
was issued by King Cyrus to build this
house of God at Jerusalem and let the
king send us his pleasure concerning
this matter
[Music]